>> Kyle Simpson: If you use a double
equals between, in this case, a number and
an array that holds the number.
This is a really terrible idea.
You should never write code that compares
a primitive to an array like that.
But if you did, if for some reason
you wrote a function that couldn't
control whether somebody
passed a number or
an array with a number in it,
would it work coercively?
In this particular case,
yes, but should it?
Ooh, and why is more important,
even, than does it work?
Why would this one work?
Why would a number somehow be coercively
equal to an array holding that number?
And certainly only in the case where
that array only has the single number,
not if it had multiple numbers, right?
So let's again,
let's invoke that algorithm to see what
is actually happening under the covers.
To get a sense of what
double equals is doing.
First, it tries to compare
workshop1Count and workshop2Count.
That's the ==.
It turns workshop1Count into its
primitive form, which is its number.
But workshop2Count is an array, so
what it first does is say toPrimitive.
What happens to
the toPrimitive of an array?
It stringifies itself, so
then we end up with line 5,
42 == "42", right?
But that’s only because of that
weird array stringification
that doesn’t include the brackets.
So it’s almost accidentally working here.
And only accidentally working because
there is only one value in the array.
You with me?
Now we have two different types,
we have a number and a string.
There's two options here.
We could either make
the number into a string and
compare the strings, or make the string
into a number and compare the numbers.
Which one happens in the algorithm?
It prefers-
>> Speaker 2: Numerification.
>> Kyle Simpson: Numeric comparison,
so the string becomes the number, and
notice here, line 6, it does a triple
equals because the types are now the same.
>> Kyle Simpson: You follow
that line of reasoning?
Now this is obviously a contrived example,
but
the point here is that even if it works,
that doesn't mean you should use it.
This is one of those
clear examples I think
where coercion is a very bad thing for us.
You should reduce the surface area and
not make comparisons between numbers and
arrays of numbers.
That doesn't even make
any sense in programming.
And yet that's where most of our corner
cases that we get bitten by are,
because we do all of that
polymorphic typing stuff.
We should never do that.
And you shouldn't fix this
problem by using triple equals.
Okay, most important take-away here,
the fix here is not to use triple equals.
Triple equals prevents you
from seeing the real problem,
which is that you're making a terrible
comparison in the first place.
What you should do is fix it so that the
comparisons that you're making make sense.
>> Kyle Simpson: Yes.
>> Speaker 3: I mean, I understand
you did this to demonstrate a point,
but if I would look at code like this,
wouldn't you say that that person
has bigger problems than that?
>> Kyle Simpson: That's exactly my point.
>> Speaker 3: Yeah.
>> Kyle Simpson: There
are bigger problems here.
This is not a,
you should go use double equals this way.
This is, this is what people
complain about with double equals,
and they're saying that
double equals is the problem.
And the real problem is that you're
making a nonsensical comparison.
Double equals isn't
the one that's at fault.
And triple equals only covers it up,
it doesn't fix the real problem.
If you make sensible comparisons,
like a string representation of
a number to the actual number,
that's a sensible comparison and
coercion makes complete sense there.
But if you compare something to
something entirely different and
it accidentally works,
that's not sensible.
That's not reasonable.
I agree with you that the outcome that
we see is, why would you do that?
But what I don't tend to do is say
JavaScript was poorly designed here.
There are historical reasons for
why it allowed even the two
primitives in a comparison.
If I were designing the coercion, I would
of done all the other coercions but
not included the two primitives,
because in my opinion the only kind of
non-primitive comparison that should ever
be possible is the identity comparison.
Coercion with primitives is crazy.
But one of the historical reasons for
the coercion with primitives is that in
the olden days you did newString,
and now you have an object.
But you don't think of
it as being an object,
you think of it as being the primitive.
So they allowed that non-primitive
to coercively down coerce
itself to its primitive equivalent.
That's why the algorithm
has something like that.
I wouldn't write that code,
but that's why it's there.
So it's hard to say that's a poor design,
in my opinion.